streamnative: update the metrics api permission documentation (#19602)
DataDog/integrations-core: streamnative/README.md

1. Log into [StreamNative Cloud Console Account][3].
2. Click the profile icon and navigate to the **Accounts & Accesses** tab.

> 3. Find the Service Account with **Admin** permissions or binding with `metrics-viewer` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Find the Service Account with **Admin** permissions or a binding to the `metrics-viewer` role.
```
Just suggest to clarify this a bit, as it was a little confusing

   - If no Service Account exists, select **New -> Service Account** to create one, and make sure to enable the **Super Admin** option.

>    - To bind a service account with `metrics-viewer`, your refer the [metrics-viewer rolebinding](https://docs.streamnative.io/docs/cloud-metrics-api#metrics-authorization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To bind a service account with the `metrics-viewer` role, refer to the [metrics-viewer rolebinding][5] documentation. 
```
Links have to go in this numbering format and then at the bottom of the README, please add:
[5]: https://docs.streamnative.io/docs/cloud-metrics-api#metrics-authorization

Author: okay, sure let me update it.

Author: @aliciascott i updated based on your suggestion, it's ready for re-review. thx a lot.
